what do you say the standoff at
universities across the United States
has forced a national confrontation over
US policy on Israel and its war on
Gaza the national divide is reflected at
the epicenter of the protest movement on
New York's Columbia University campus
Israeli flags and Palestinian Flags
marking the conflict half a world
away demonstrators say despite hundreds
of arrests here and across the country
and the University's calls for them to
leave they will remain in their
encampment they're demanding the
University devest from Investments with
ties to Israel and its war on Gaza we
are calling upon Columbia University to
divest
disclose it provide amnesty for all
students and faculty disciplined in the
movement for Palestinian
Liberation those are our Central demands
and until those are met we will not be
going anyway we will continue to
protest Muslim American congresswoman
ilhan Omar voiced her support for the
demonstrators inside their encampment on
Thursday I mean young people have always
pushed our government to do better
whether it was through the Civil Rights
Movement um whether it's been to end the
the Vietnam War uh and I think that they
are on the right side of of history in
pushing our country to not stay
complacent in the genocide that that's
taking place in
odza a sea of new Israeli Flags silently
appeared this week meters from the
Student Zone of occupation that has
drawn the eyes of the world where a lone
counter protester condemned the
demonstration this a has to stop Jewish
and Israeli students are not here to ask
for your pity but as Leaders to stand
against a radical flame of hate and
racism
this is a typic fight in history the
protests and tent encampments have
spread from coast to coast from New York
to Suburban Chicago's Northwestern
University to Harvard in Cambridge
Massachusetts do we
do to the University of New Mexico and
dozens of campuses in between students
at Columbia University have started a
national conversation whatever happens
here or at other campuses those protests
can get shut down in one place but that
conversation has spread to campuses
across the US and they say there's no
stopping
that another as the clock ticks down to
the final weeks of classes universities
across the US are deciding whether to
hold graduation ceremonies punctuated by
encamped protesters calls for Justice
John hendin Al jazer New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer